Add COMPUTE (#72)
aim-rsf/Glossary-of-Terms: docs/pages/aim-projects.md

* You can read more about the MELD-B project on their page at [University of Southampton - MELD-B](https://www.southampton.ac.uk/publicpolicy/support-for-policymakers/policy-projects/Current%20projects/meld-b.page) or in their first blog post which you can find here: [University of Southampton - MELD-B Introductory Blog](https://www.southampton.ac.uk/publicpolicy/support-for-policymakers/blogs/evidence-to-policy-blog/meld-b-blog.page)

## CoMPuTE

> > The Complex Multiple long-term conditions Phenotypes, Trends, and Endpoints (CoMPuTE) project is funded by the National Institute for Health and Care Research (NIHR) under its Programme Grants for Applied Research Programme (NIHR204406). It is based on the University of Oxford, University of Leeds and University College London. 

Reviewer: Would it be worth to add a half-sentence summary of what their research aims to do here too? I see that we have that for most if not all of the other consortia instead of spelling out what their acronym means 🙂

> > The Complex Multiple long-term conditions Phenotypes, Trends, and Endpoints (CoMPuTE) project is funded by the National Institute for Health and Care Research (NIHR) under its Programme Grants for Applied Research Programme (NIHR204406). It is based on the University of Oxford, University of Leeds and University College London. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The CoMPuTE project uses Artificial Intelligence to help predict who is more likely to develop multiple long-term conditions. The project is funded by the National Institute for Health and Care Research (NIHR) under its Programme Grants for Applied Research Programme (NIHR204406). It is based on the University of Oxford, University of Leeds and University College London. 
```

### Background to the CoMPuTE project

More than a quarter of adults in England have more than one health condition. By 2035 this is expected to increase by 10-17%. Having more than one condition is called ‘multiple long-term conditions’ (MLTC). The more conditions someone has, the more disabling the effects.

> MLTC is difficult for both patients and carers: taking more medicines (with possible problems caused by conflicting or simply too many medications); the cost and wasted time of attending too many healthcare appointments; and the day-to-day challenges of living with multiple conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MLTC are difficult for both patients and carers: taking more medicines (with possible problems caused by conflicting or simply too many medications); the cost and wasted time of attending too many healthcare appointments; and the day-to-day challenges of living with multiple conditions.
```

Regular computer models are already used for research on electronic health records. We want to use AI techniques to process this information faster and more accurately. The data will be ‘anonymised’ so it cannot be traced to individuals. Because many people have concerns about how their data are used, members of the public have been involved in this work from the beginning and will be involved throughout. A public member leads one section of work. Other public members work on an equal level with the academic researchers.

- This study hopes to see whether it is possible to predict who will suffer from MLTC and how MLTC will progress over a person’s lifetime.
- It will investigate inequalities and the health and financial burden of MLTC.
- It brings in the public perspective on ethical and social questions about the use of AI in healthcare. Members of often-excluded communities will be actively involved in discussion groups, the development of study materials and the writing of papers. This is important to ensure that plans to help people with MLTC address everyone’s health and care needs.

### How CoMPuTE will involve patients and members of the public

> The amount of public participation and leadership in this project makes it unique. One-third of the project is entirely public-led.

Reviewer: Not sure if/how unique that amount of public participation is, e.g. compared to the other AIM consortia? Maybe good to have slightly more neutral language?
